 BBC - Homepage Homepage Accessibility links Skip to content Accessibility Help BBC Account Notifications Home News Sport Weather iPlayer
Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds More menu Search BBC Search BBC
Home News Sport Weather iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds
Close menu BBC Homepage Russia fires dozens of missiles at Ukrainian cities Ukrainian officials say cities across the country are targeted
in several waves of strikes. Europe Russia fires dozens of missiles at Ukrainian cities Battlefield is deadlocked, Ukraine spy chief tells
BBC Europe Battlefield is deadlocked, Ukraine spy chief tells BBC US demands Covid tests for visitors from China China US demands Covid
tests for visitors from China Mbappe shrugs off Martinez's 'futile' taunts European Football Mbappe shrugs off Martinez's 'futile' taunts
Energy giant ExxonMobil sues EU over windfall tax Business Energy giant ExxonMobil sues EU over windfall tax News At this Texas school,
every student is a teen mother Motherhood has been at the centre of heated US debate - this school shows how it's reshaping lives. News At
this Texas school, every student is a teen mother Striking footage shows scale of snow storm in North America A powerful blizzard hit the US
and Canada over the Christmas weekend. US & Canada Striking footage shows scale of snow storm in North America At least 10 dead in Cambodia
casino fire Dozens more are injured at a hotel-casino in the town of Poipet near the border with Thailand. Asia At least 10 dead in Cambodia
casino fire Sport Australia crush South Africa again to seal series Australia thrash South Africa by an innings and 182 runs in the second
Test to win the series with a game to spare. Cricket Australia crush South Africa again to seal series How Gakpo earned a move to one of
Europe's elite Cody Gakpo has capped a meteoric 18 months by joining Liverpool ahead of the January transfer window. BBC Sport speaks to
someone who has helped him blossom on his journey. Football How Gakpo earned a move to one of Europe's elite 'Hungry' Haaland driven by
World Cup absence Manchester City striker Erling Haaland is using the frustration of missing out on a World Cup spot with Norway as
motivation to score even more goals. Football 'Hungry' Haaland driven by World Cup absence Best of 2022 The Nordic way to fight bullying
Scientists are discovering powerful ways to fight bullying Future The Nordic way to fight bullying Why office romance is inevitable Why work
is a prime breeding ground for relationships and hook-ups Worklife Why office romance is inevitable The bizarre plot that tricked Hitler How
the incredible Operation Mincemeat has inspired a film and stage musical Culture The bizarre plot that tricked Hitler London Weather Edit
Thu 10°C 4°C Fri 13°C 10°C Sat 14°C 10°C Sun 12°C 7°C Visit Reel The most amazing videos from the BBC Why the Dutch don't say sorry The
2,000-year-old 'skyscrapers' still puzzling archaeologists How identical twins reveal the truth about our nature Editor’s Picks The greatest
visual effects ever seen? The inside story of Avatar 2 – and how it's revolutionised the cinema experience Culture The greatest visual
effects ever seen? What happens when babies 'cry it out' Sleep training is largely unregulated – this is what science says about it Future
What happens when babies 'cry it out' A vegan-loving city sued by McDonald's Will this fairy-tale town of the future prevail? Travel A
vegan-loving city sued by McDonald's The big 'single shaming' problem Why the stigma that singletons will 'find their person soon' endures
Worklife The big 'single shaming' problem The UK year in pictures A selection of some of the most powerful pictures taken by news agency
photographers around the UK... In Pictures The UK year in pictures Hong Kong to scrap almost all its Covid rules The Chinese city once had
some of the toughest restrictions in the world, but is now opening up. China Hong Kong to scrap almost all its Covid rules How can esports
keep growing in 2023? Industry experts to explore how esports are trying to keep growing their audience in 2023. Entertainment & Arts How
can esports keep growing in 2023? Latest Business News 1 Chinese rush to book travel as Covid rules lifted 2 Domino's Pizza considers
selling Russian business 3 Apple and Tesla shares tumble over supply issues 4 South Korea lifts ban on import of adult sex dolls Future
Planet Solutions for a sustainable world An answer to India's flower waste In defence of real Christmas trees What would a green World Cup
look like? Small Business USA Business Is the small business surge in the US sustainable? Is the small business surge in the US sustainable?
ADVERTISEMENT Technology of Business Business Tech trends 2023: Flying taxis and satellite phones Tech trends 2023: Flying taxis and
satellite phones Featured video What's your word of the year? We ask people to sum up their 2022 in one word and see what they make of the
dictionaries' choices. UK What's your word of the year? Recommended Latest What's your word of the year? UK What's your word of the year?
Over 200 cars involved in fatal crash in... Asia Over 200 cars involved in fatal crash in China Cambodia casino fire kills at least ten...
Asia Cambodia casino fire kills at least ten people Fight! Peruvians settle scores at annual... Latin America & Caribbean Fight! Peruvians
settle scores at annual festival Iran turmoil set back my recovery - Nazanin UK Iran turmoil set back my recovery - Nazanin Watch: Dog
rescued from snowy Utah mountains US & Canada Watch: Dog rescued from snowy Utah mountains Listen: Andy Murray moved by Nazanin's tennis...
UK Listen: Andy Murray moved by Nazanin's tennis joy Loyle Carner and Jamie Oliver talk food and... Entertainment & Arts Loyle Carner and
Jamie Oliver talk food and confidence Winter storm continues to disrupt US and... US & Canada Winter storm continues to disrupt US and
Canada BBC World Service On Air: The Food Chain More around the BBC Russia bans oil sales to countries using price cap The oil price cap,
agreed by Western countries, aims to reduce Russian revenue for its war in... Europe Russia bans oil sales to countries using price cap
Avatar: The Way Of Water passes $1bn at box office Entertainment & Arts Avatar: The Way Of Water passes $1bn at box office 2022 will be
warmest year ever for UK - Met Office UK 2022 will be warmest year ever for UK - Met Office Uzbekistan links child deaths to India cough
syrup India Uzbekistan links child deaths to India cough syrup Royal Mail hit by post-Christmas online outage Technology Royal Mail hit by
post-Christmas online outage ‘I went through the menopause before my mum did’ Health ‘I went through the menopause before my mum did’ Comic
actor John Bird dies aged 86 Entertainment & Arts Comic actor John Bird dies aged 86 From Our Correspondents Ghana warning against harmful
New Year prophecies By Dickens Olewe Can robots stop billions of litres of water leaks? By Victoria Gill 'What we harvest is worthless' By
Laura Bicker and Virma Rivera The indie music stars knocking Bollywood off the charts By Zoya Mateen Five ways sequins add to plastic
pollution By Navin Singh Khadka Not just for Christmas: Saving Holy Land donkeys By Yolande Knell ‘If I get the first shot, I will kill you
son’ By Rebecca Henschke, Ko Ko Aung & Charlotte Attwood What it will mean when Indians outnumber Chinese By Soutik Biswas Global Trade
Reindeer herders fear Lapland wind farm boom Business Reindeer herders fear Lapland wind farm boom Technology of Business The cargo hauling
aircraft with no pilots on board Business The cargo hauling aircraft with no pilots on board World in pictures US winter storm in pictures
In Pictures US winter storm in pictures Escaping Nile floods to a minefield Africa Escaping Nile floods to a minefield Young photographers
scoop national awards Sheffield & South Yorkshire Young photographers scoop national awards In pictures: An explosion of joy as Argentina
wins Latin America & Caribbean In pictures: An explosion of joy as Argentina wins Argentina win 2022 World Cup final - in pictures Football
Argentina win 2022 World Cup final - in pictures BBC in other languages Russian Война в Украине: новая волна ударов - взрывы произошли в
Киеве, Львове и других городах Spanish 3 claves del "explosivo" aumento de casos de covid en China tras el fin de las restricciones para
controlar la enfermedad Persian اعتراضات ایران: نگرانی خانواده برنارد فیلان،‌ شهروند ایرلندی- فرانسوی زندانی در ایران Portuguese 10 medidas
emergenciais na saúde que Lula deve adotar no início do mandato More Languages Arabic عربي Azeri AZƏRBAYCAN Bangla বাংলা Burmese မြန်မာ
Chinese 中文网 French AFRIQUE Hausa HAUSA Hindi हिन्दी Indonesian INDONESIA Japanese 日本語 Kinyarwanda GAHUZA Kirundi KIRUNDI Kyrgyz Кыргыз
Marathi मराठी Nepali नेपाली Pashto پښتو Persian فارسی Portuguese BRASIL Russian НА РУССКОМ Sinhala සිංහල Somali SOMALI Spanish MUNDO Swahili
SWAHILI Tamil தமிழ் Turkish TÜRKÇE Ukrainian УКРАЇНСЬКA Urdu اردو Uzbek O'ZBEK Vietnamese TIẾNG VIỆT Explore the BBC Home News Sport Weather
iPlayer Sounds Bitesize CBeebies CBBC Food Home News Sport Reel Worklife Travel Future Culture TV Weather Sounds Terms of Use About the BBC
Privacy Policy Cookies Accessibility Help Parental Guidance Contact the BBC Make an editorial complaint BBC emails for you Advertise with us
AdChoices / Do Not Sell My Info Copyright © 2022 BBC. The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read about our approach
to external linking.